Necta.nz 
The Fastest Hiring Experience Ever
High-performing talent leaders choose NECTA.
Get 4 hours back every week.

The Average Hire Costs $6,240 &
takes 17 hours of time.

Necta has 114 HR LEADERS using us
Necta has 652 ACTIVE CANDIDATES
How Can Necta Help You?
Recruiter Copilot sources candidates from our active pool, taps passive talent, posts on job boards, and seamlessly manages all applicants in one place. Our AI copilot filters, ranks, and delivers a bias-free shortlist, so you can connect with top candidates and move forward effortlessly.

Risk Free
Instant access for 10 days, no credit card required.

Products
1. Recruiter Copilot - Receive a curated shortlist automatically; saving 17 hours per hire, reduce time to hire by 26% and save 30% on onboarding costs

2. Recruitment Platform - Necta provides a central platform to manage all stages of recruitment, reducing time-to-hire and allowing HR teams to process applications faster.


Introducing Nelly
Are you ready to embark on a revolutionary journey in the world of recruitment? Meet Nelly, your trusted recruiter copilot on Necta, the next-generation recruitment platform. Nelly is here to transform the way you discover, connect, and hire talent.
Who Is Nelly?
Nelly is not your average AI; she's your recruiter copilot, dedicated to making your recruitment experience smoother, more efficient, and ultimately, more successful. Crafted with cutting-edge technology, Nelly possesses the power of data analysis, natural language processing, and machine learning to become your indispensable ally in sourcing and managing the perfect candidates for your organisation.


Pricing 
$295pm
comes with 
1. Active & Passive Candidates
2. Recruiter Copilot
3. Free ATS
4. Up to 25 yearly listings
5. Unlimited users


Features:
How Can NECTA help?
Unlock the Future of Talent Acquisition with Nectas Recruiter Copilot. Step into a new age of sourcing and managing candidates, where our advanced ATS curates a shortlist automatically by employing a unique bidirectional algorithm that identifies both active and passive candidates.
Finding Talent is a Pleasure
AI-Powered Precision in Talent Discovery
Harness the power of Necta's advanced AI algorithms. Our platform doesn't just match keywords; it understands roles, skills, and cultural fit for best fit.

Access to a Global Talent Pool
Dive into our expansive passive database, home to millions of skilled professionals from diverse sectors. With Necta, you're not just searching; you're discovering.



Managing Talent is a Breeze
Choosing NECTA as your technology partner ensures a single point of contact for all Permanent, Fixed Term and Contractor talent. We ensure references, compliance and insurances are completed by candidates through our automated experience.
HR Data & Reporting
On your dashboard you will find the data and key performance indicators you need to understand your permanent and contract talent.

Timesheets & Payroll
Allowing a pleasant experience, approving total hours with a single button. eInvoices are sent automatically with only $2 an hour payroll.



Private Candidate Pool
Upload your own candidates that only your organisation has access to. Our AI software will rank yours and Necta to provide best fit.

White Label ATS
Your candidates, your clients, your employees will see your logo, branding and company name. Join Necta without anyone knowing.

Track All Your Jobs in One Place
Our dashboard provides you with a comprehensive overview of all your active job listings. From job creation to status updates, manage everything with ease in one centralised location.


Dashboard feature

My Job Dashboard
My Job Dashboard
Get a comprehensive overview of your hiring pipeline. Identify who has been long-listed, shortlisted, or moved to interviews.

Risk Free
Instant access for 10 days, no credit card required.

Enter your email

Opportunities and Design Features
Create and Edit Opportunities
Customise your job listings with candidate-focused questions. Set up work preferences like remote or office-based, and choose salary visibility options.

Designed For The Candidate Experience
Use our rich-text editor to create engaging job ads. We will auto-populate your company’s "About Us" section for brand consistency across your job opportunities.

Social Media Integration
Automatically post your job listings across Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter. You can also customise the posts for each platform.


Social Media Integration

Career Page
Custom Career Page
Display all your job listings on a dedicated career page. Candidates can browse, learn about your organisation, and apply directly.

Necta Listings
Automatically post job openings to Necta’s free job board and other job boards. Track applicants seamlessly from our dashboard.


Necta Listings

Premium Listings
Upgrade to Premium Job Boards
With one click, upgrade your job listings to premium job boards like TradeMe, Seek, LinkedIn, and Do Good Jobs.

Kanban Board for Applicant Management
Manage your applicants using our drag-and-drop Kanban board. Move candidates through different stages of the hiring process with ease.

See candidates from Necta's internal system, your private pool, job boards, recruiters and passive candidates from our outreach. Manage everything in one place.


Kanban Board
Risk Free
Instant access for 10 days, no credit card required.

Enter your email
AI-Powered Shortlisting
Let Nelly, our AI, shortlist the top candidates for you, so you can focus on choosing the best people to interview. Nelly will identify using a 28 point algorithm the top six candidates based on skill, culture and behaviour. She will then place those in your shortlist for you.

Passive Candidate Management
Our system identifies top passive candidates from a database of over 700k and automatically makes contact. Manage them from your dashboard.


Passive Candidate Management
Drag-and-Drop Scheduling
Set up interviews by dragging candidates into the interview column. Our system handles calendar links and team coordination automatically.

Contract Handling
Drag candidates into the "Contract Offer" column to finalise contracts. Use a Necta contract and let us handle your timesheets or upload your own for a seamless process.


Dynamic CVs
Dynamic Candidate Profiles
Access detailed profiles and dynamically generated CVs. Directly message candidates or ask Nelly for additional analysis.

Risk Free
Instant access for 10 days, no credit card required.

Enter your email
Message Direct With Candidates
▼

My Job Dashboard
Messages
Keep all communications with candidates in one place using our in built messaging system. Nelly is also there to help you with any Necta help you may need.

Manage All Candidates In One Place
▼
Candidate Management
41% of the time, hiring is about remembering great past candidates. In our candidate screen you will be able to see any candidate that has given you permission, with up to date information including expectations. You will be able to see their full profile, assign them to a new opportunity or make contact directly.

Approve Contractor Timesheets With One Click
▼

Timesheet Management
Timesheets
Managing complex timesheets can take away from the great work contractors do. We manage all contractor timesheets and allow you to view and approve

Billing Transactions
Our system automatically syncs with Xero and will display all your organisations invoices in one place. You can download an invoice at any time and view the status to ensure you are up to date with all Necta and Contractor billing.

Create & Store Job Opportunity Templates
▼
Template Management
We love saving time and we know that as people depart, rehiring becomes your first thought. We have created template management page, this allows you to upload any of your Job Descriptions or create from scratch. It will save them so when you create a new opportunity, all you have to do is load and edit.

Organisation Settings
▼
Organisation Settings
The organisation admin can update the organisations name, industry and branding. Giving your users a bespoke feeling to your ATS. Adding information about your company, the benefits and culture, number of workers and behavioural skills. Allows Nelly our AI to edit her search parameters to better customize the response. About your company and Benefits also appear on yoru job opportunities and careers page.

Add New Users & Manage Access
▼
User Management
Add and manage user access across the platform. Here at Necta we have no limitation on the number of users you want as the more who get to use, the better. You can even go one step further and create an Organisation Chart to show how your organisation is structured, allowing staff to easily find and manage their profile.

Upload & Manage Your Own Private Candidate Pool
▼
Internal Talent
If you are coming from another ATS or want to build up your own talent pool, this is the section for you. Upload a CV and fill out their information. Nelly will shortlist these candidates for you under the reference internal talent. These are bespoke to your organisation and will not appear on any other clients search.

Necta Works With Your Process With Integrations
▼
Integrations
Necta is always growing its list of integrations. If you have another ATS, choose which one and place the .xml file location into Necta and we will automatically get your jobs and process them through recruiter copilot. Decide which job boards you want your organisation to have access to, you can choose always or decide per job to control spending.

Feature	The Works	Enterprise
SOURCE & ATTRACT
Necta Job Board		
Notify Active Candidates		
Social Media Campaign		
White Label Job Listing		
Third Party Job Boards - COMING SOON		
Job Template & Storage		
600m+ candidate profiles		
AI Assistant for Job creation		
AI-powered candidate sourcing		
Careers page		
Calendar Two Way Sync - COMING SOON		
Custom Candidate Forms - COMING SOON		
AI Project Set Up		
Access Past Contractors		
Upload Private Pool of Candidates		
EVALUATE & COLLABORATE
Kanban Candidate Journey		
Anonymized Shortlisting		
Private Message Candidates		
Download Dynamic CV		
Custom Candidate Profiles		
Set Up Interviews		
AI Top Choice Returned		
Forward CV & Evaluation to Hiring Manager		
AI Evaluation Tool		
3rd Party Background and Reference Checks		
Text Candidates - COMING SOON		
Candidate Pre-Interview - COMING SOON		
Interview Prepation and Assistant = COMING SOON		
Organisation Referral		
User Roles and Permissions		
Organisation Culture Ranking		
Video Interviews - COMING SOON		
ONBOARD & MANAGE
Offer Letters		
Mobile Web App		
Send / Upload Contractual Offer		
Reminder Emails Sent to both parties		
Sign contracts on device		
Contractor Management Page		
Extend / Terminate Contractors		
Project Spend		
Integrated Timesheet Approval		
Historical Billing		
eInvoicing		
Contractor Payroll		
Custom Contractor Contracts		
Organisation Overview		
Employee Payroll - COMING SOON		
HR - COMING SOON
Organisation Chart - COMING SOON		
Employee Referrals - COMING SOON		
Onboarding Process - COMING SOON		
Employee Directory - COMING SOON		
Approval Flows - COMING SOON		
Search & Store Company Files - COMING SOON		
Employee Management & Performance - COMING SOON		
Employee Timesheet - COMING SOON		
Xero Integration - COMING SOON		
TRACK & PERFORM
Key Dynamic Metrics & Reporting		
Contractor End Date		
Time off management - COMING SOON		
Organisation Objective Mapping - COMING SOON		
SERVICE & SUPPORT
Local Support		
Nelly our Recruiter AI		
Leading Data Privacy & Security		
Account Management & Onboarding		
Import data from legacy ATS		

